README.md, before:

# Dotbot `yay` Plugin

Plugin for [dotbot](https://github.com/anishathalye/dotbot) that adds a `yay`
directive. It allows installation of packeges using `yay`, and by extension
`pacman`, packages.

This plugin will attempt to install `yay` if not already present. This should make it easier to
set up a new computer.

## Installation

Add it as a submodule of your dotfiles repository.

```bash
git submodule add https://github.com/alexwh/dotbot-yay
```

## Usage

One option is having your packages list in a separate file. This way you can run it separately
from your main configuration.

```bash
./install -p dotbot-yay/yay.py -c packages.conf.yaml
```

Alternatively, you can add the directive directly in `install.conf.yaml` and
modify your `install` script so it automatically enables the `yay` plugin.

```bash
"${BASEDIR}/${DOTBOT_DIR}/${DOTBOT_BIN}" -d "${BASEDIR}" -c "${CONFIG}" \
  --plugin-dir "${BASEDIR}/dotbot-yay" "${@}"
```

## Configuration

Example of the `packages.conf.yaml`:

```yaml
- yay:
  - zsh
  - neovim
  - atom-editor-bin
  - gitkraken
```

Additionally, if you want to separate your `pacman` packages from your AUR packages, you can put
them in a directive named `pacman`. Both directives are functionally the same, but may allow you to
organize things a little more.

```yaml
- pacman:
  - zsh
  - neovim
- yay:
  - atom-editor-bin
  - gitkraken
```

Commit message:

Convert yay plugin to paru

README.md, after:

# Dotbot `yay` Plugin

Plugin for [dotbot](https://github.com/anishathalye/dotbot) that adds a `yay`
directive. It allows installation of packeges using `yay`, and by extension
`pacman`, packages.

This plugin will attempt to install `yay` if not already present. This should make it easier to
set up a new computer.

# Dotbot `paru` Plugin

A [Dotbot](https://github.com/anishathalye/dotbot) plugin to install packages on Arch Linux via [`paru`](https://github.com/Morganamilo/paru)

Based on [dotbot-yay](https://github.com/alexwh/dotbot-yay), which is based on [dotbot-pacaur](https://github.com/ajlende/dotbot-pacaur).

## Installation

Add this plugin to your dotfiles repository, for example by using a submodule:

```bash
git submodule add https://github.com/ConnorJC3/dotbot-paru.git
```

## Usage

Invoke dotbot with the `--plugin-dir` option, such as by modifying the default configuration like so:

```bash
"${BASEDIR}/${DOTBOT_DIR}/${DOTBOT_BIN}" -d "${BASEDIR}" -c "${CONFIG}" --plugin-dir "${BASEDIR}/dotbot-paru" "${@}"
```

## Configuration

Example configuration:

```yaml
- paru:
  - vim
  - zsh
  - firefox-nightly
```

For organization, you may also split packages between `pacman` and `paru` directives (they are functionally equivalent):

```yaml
- pacman:
  - vim
  - zsh
- paru:
  - firefox-nightly
```
